Crashed on takeoff from Coolangatta.  After becoming airborne, the aircraft was seen to climb very steeply and stall when at a height of 300 ft., roll to the left and crash.
Crashed during touch-and-go exercises. Application of wrong rudder by trainee pilot  during engine failure exercise. Captain did not guard/block the rudder control and give clear commands as instructor so as to obviate the application of wrong rudder control by the trainee pilot.
A witness observed the aircraft approach the airstrip from the west, for landing to the east. While on final approach, power fluctuations were heard. The aircraft touched down on the approach end of the airstrip, then bounced into the air to about 20 feet. The witness then heard the pilot apply corrective power for about three to five seconds before full power was applied. Aircraft control was not maintained. The pilot's improper decision to abort the landing and flight into a box canyon were factors.
Shot down by a surface-to-air missile by Georgian rebel forces.
The aircraft stalled and crashed in fog when the tail struck the runway as the pilot attempted a go-around as it landed at Gyumri.
Structural failure in the air.
The pilot issued a mayday after experiencing engine trouble while en route and asked to divert to Port Alberni Airport on Vancouver Island but crashed into mountainous wooded area, 6 miles from the airport runway.
Passenger inadvertentlly opened air stair door in flight, safety chain failed and passenger fell out.
The aircraft, on a positioning flight struck the ground short of the runway while attempting to land. Inadequate training. Improper descent rate and airspeed.
Crashed on approach. Cause unknown.
The survey flight to check out the ILS on Runway 36 the plane circled for another approach and collided with a slope of a mountain at an altitude off 2,500 meters which was shrouded in clouds.
While on approach and attempting to land on runway 3R at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport, in a snowstorm, the aircraft went into a steep dive and crashed into a field. The accident was caused by the FAA's failure to establish adequate aircraft certification standards for flight in icing conditions.  Contributing to the accident were the flightcrew's decision to operate in icing conditions near the lower margin of the operating airspeed envelope (with flaps retracted), and Comair's failure to establish and adequately disseminate unambiguous minimum airspeed values for flap configurations and for flight in icing conditions.
The aircraft crashed into Poleta Ridge, in the foothills of  the White Mountains at 6,100 ft.  The Wolper Productions Inc. movie crew was being flown from Bishop to Burbank. The flight was being conducted under VFR conditions. It could not be determined why the crew did not maintain a safe distance from hazardous terrain.
In cargo bay 6, hot air, leaking from an air conditioning system, melted insulation off cabling causing a short circuit in the stabilizing system. Melting insulation ignited flammable fluid which led to an uncontrollable fire that eventually weakened the structure until the tail fell off.
Crashed and burned in a wooded area after entering an area of thunderstorms.
The float-plane crashed into the lake after experiencing engine failure while en route.
The aircraft struck the approach lights and a sea wall during a landing attempt. The pilot initiated a steep rate of descent with the intention of executing a final approach at a lower altitude. Poor visibility due to illusive fog conditions misled the pilot and affected his judgement.
Crashed after experiencing engine problems.
Shot down by friendly fire during the Gulf War. Thirteen killed on each helicopter.
Both helicopters crashed into a rice paddy after experiencing a mid-air collision.
The plane was heading for the town of Isiro when it lost radio contact. As it was returning to Kisangani its propeller hit a tree and the plane lost control.
Crashed after takeoff.  Shot down by a surface-to-air missile.
Impacted trees and crashed while attempting to land. The flightcrew not maintaining altitude/clearance during the circling instrument approach. Factors were the pilot in command initiating the flight without proper weather reporting facilities at the destination, the flightcrew not flying to an alternate destination, the flightcrew not following company and FAA procedures/directives, the lack of certification of the second pilot, the operator not following company and FAA procedures/directives, and the dark night and the low ceiling.
Lost an engine on takeoff, climbed to 100-200 ft. entering a slight banking turn and crashed into the sea. Failure of the left engine which was due to the cracking of the accessory drive gear. Failure of the pilot to take precautionary steps on hearing the back firing, which was a warning of possible engine failure.
Crashed while en route.
Crashed shortly after taking off from Khewra. Possible engine failure.
The plane overran the runway in heavy rain, crashed into a field and burned while attemping to land.
Crashed during a rainstorm.
Ditched into the Monongahela River after running out of fuel. Inadequate flight planning. Contributing factors were inadequate crew supervision and training.
The aircraft crashed into the Sea of Japan while en route. No signs of the wreckage were ever found and only two bodies were recovered when they washed ashore.
A mid-air collision between three helicopters at 900 ft. (66-16202) (66-16592) (66-16601).
The plane was forced to return to San Borja after the No.2 engine failed.  After crossing the runway the plane crashed into trees 1.2 miles past the end of the runway. Malfunction or failure of the No. 2 engine, landing gear malfunction and an improper landing procedure.
Crashed after taking off from a dirt air strip.
The plane crashed into houses after taking off and burst into flames. The plane had engine trouble, attempted to return to the airport when it crashed into the houses.
Crashed into a hill in poor weather conditions 5 miles south of Cheyenne. Test flight. Poor judgment by the pilot for executing an abrupt maneuver with insufficient altitude for safety and  failure of the pilot to maintain proper control of the aircraft during this maneuver.
The aircraft crashed into foothills during landing attempt at Ardmore Municipal Airport . During the approach in rain and fog, the captain made a last-minute change in his choice of runways. One minute later the plane crashed into high ground. Incapacitation of the captain with a heart attack during final stages of approach.  The captain, who suffered from a long standing heart condition and diabetes, managed to keep his pilot's license by falsifying his medical records.
The aircraft crashed 5 minutes after taking off from Simara.  The aircraft was observed not following the usual route into the mountains.
Struck a mountain 40 miles from Adak.
Flew into a mountain.
Hijacked while en route from Rome, Italy to Paris, France. The hijacker killed one male passenger when the plane landed at Cointrin Airport in Switzerland to refuel, after which the plane was stormed by security personnel.
Struck Mt. Colorado in poor weather.
Crashed in poor weather. The pilot descended below minimum safe altitude. Flying VFR in IFR conditions.
After the pilot ejected safely, the aircraft crashed into two trucks killing 50 people on the ground.
After receiving special VFR clearance the cargo plane flew into a small hill. The pilot's attempted flight into known adverse weather conditions, and his subsequent failure to maintain altitude above, or clearance with, trees. Factors contributing to the accident included low ceilings, fog, the pilot's low-altitude flight, rising terrain, and trees.
The pilot aborted the takeoff at liftoff after it was discovered the rudder and elevator were jammed. When the command was given to apply reverse thrust  the flight engineer switched off the engines by mistake. The aircraft overran runway, collided with obstacles and caught fire. Jammed rudder and elevator.
The plane crashed into a mountainside in a remote region near the town of Kohat, about 250 kilometers northwest of Islamabad. Among those killed was Air Force chief Mushaf Ali Mir.  Pilot error. Pilot's premature descent below minima which resulted in the aircraft hitting a cloud covered ridge at 3,000 feet above sea level.
The plane crashed into Salmon Mountain while on approach to Portland. The pilots evidently had agreed to maintain 9,000 feet, but descended instead. The aircraft hit the mountain at the 3,830-foot level of a 4,090-foot ridge. The crew's descent  below its clearance limit and below that of surrounding obstructing terrain for reasons unknown. First crash of a DC-9.
Last radio contact  from the aircraft was at 11:34 local 30 DME south of Port Hedland in moderate turbulence. The aircraft was seen descending rapidly. Wreckage was found 28 south of Port Hedland. The accident was caused by a crack originating at a bolt hole in the wing spar. Also, it was found that someone  had carried out an incorrect procedure on the spar, by forcing an oversize bush into the housing of the lower spar boom, resulting in damage which exacerbated the spread of the hairline fracture.
The plane landed too far down the runway, overran the runway, struck runway lights went through a fence and broke up.
nan
Loss of airspeed while executing maneuvers during a training flight, resulting in a stall followed immediately by a spin from an altitude too low to effect recovery.
The pilot lost in rain and fog searched for a landing area until the plane ran out of fuel and crashed into a 4,500 foot mountain.
Following the trainee-pilot's failure to maintain minimum-control speed during an attempted go-around, the instructor-pilot failed to take control of the aircraft in sufficient time to prevent a critical loss of altitude. A contributing factor was the malfunction of the landing gear latch which delayed retraction of the landing gear and caused the distraction of the instructor-pilot for several seconds during a critical period of the go-around.
Crashed during an emergency landing.
The aircraft crashed into lake Constance while attempting to landing.
After lifting a water container the aircraft began rotating until control was lost and contact was made with the ground, shearing off the tail rotor and a large portion of the tail assembly. New engines were installed in the CH-53s to increase the power of the main rotor and on a whole to make the helicopter more powerful. However, it was soon evident that the tail rotor could not balance the increased power created by the main rotor. Under certain conditions the aircraft would become unstable and lose directional heading. Sikorsky warns of these conditions. To compensate for the mistake that had been made, Sikorsky designed and tested a bell crank system to stabilize the rear rotor. After seven years, this helicopter was still not retrofitted with the bell crank system. Gross weight of the container exceeded the lifting capacity of the helicopter. No restrains used by the passengers.
The pilot continued flight into poor weather conditions  and thunderstorm activity. Continued VFR flight into adverse weather conditions. Pilot not insturment rated.
Crashed while landing in fog. The aircraft was being operated under VFR when it entered a shallow fog overlying the approach lights. Failure of the crew to discontinue descent into conditions below minima upon reaching the decision height. Improper IFR operation. Misunderstanding of instructions. Exercising of poor judgment. Poor crew coordination. Pilot fatigue.
On a positioning flight the aircraft flew into a mountain.
The helicopter crashed into the sea.
While on VOR approach the aircraft flew into the ground.
The plane crashed into Patascoy mountain at 7,000 ft. on a reconnaissance flight over drug producing areas.
nan
Midair collision with a MD-83 after taxing on the runway.
Crashed into a trees and fell into a river 50 km south of Sandoway after experiencing engine trouble while attempting to land at Sandoway in poor visibility and monsoon conditions.
The aircraft was hijacked after taking off from Dulles International Airport. The hijackers took control of the aircraft and deliberately crashed it into the Pentagon. It was one of four planes that were hijacked the same day.
The passenger flight attempted to make an emergency landing at Artigas Airport when it had taken off from.  An engine failure was followed by a wide banking turn and crash to the ground bursting into flames.
Crashed on approach.
nan
The plane crashed after the detonation of a bomb in the forward cargo hold. A flight attendant,  22 year old Vesna Vulovic, fell 33,330 feet in the tail section and although she broke both legs and was temporarily paralyzed from the waist down, she survived. She was in a coma for 27 days and it took 16 months for her to recover. The bomb was believed to be placed on the plane by a Croatian extremist group. On January 27, 1997, 25 years after the crash, Vesna Vulovireturned to the crash-site and was reunited with the firemen who pulled her from the wreckage and the medical team who looked after her in the hospital.
Fan disk separation in the left engine. Pieces of the engine penetrated the passenger cabin killing two passengers. The fan hub for the left engine was found to be fractured and went undetected at time of manufacture. The crack should have been detectable during inspection but was missed.
Shot down by British aircraft crashing in flames.
The domestiflight crashed into the Formosa Strait after the right engine caught fire shortly after taking off.
The plane crashed and caught fire after hitting power lines during a landing attempt. The landing was made despite visibility below minima. Crew error.
Crashed an burned after striking mountain  while attempting to land. Procedural errors.
Crashed during takeoff. Overloaded
Shot down by a He-111 German military aircraft.
Hit trees and burst into flames shortly after taking off.
The cargo plane lost both engines while on approach and crashed into a wooded area. Improper maintenace caused the engine failure. The crew did not follow company procedures.
The aircraft suffered multiple bird strikes in the No. 1 and 2 engines just after taking off when it flew into a flock of 100 or more Canada Geese. The crew initiated a slow climb and began to dump fuel. The aircraft attained a maximum altitude of 250 ft. before it started to descend. The plane impacted a hilly wooded area less than a mile from the runway, broke up, exploded and burned.  Ingestion of Canada geese into the Nos.1 and 2 engines. Lack of adequate procedures to reduce bird hazards. The crew was not warned about observations of birds in the area by the ATC.
nan
The plane climbed to an altitude of 150 ft. and then crashed into the ground about half-a-mile from the airport. Engine failure.
The military plane crashed into an apartment building in the Azari district after taking off from Mehrabad Airport. The plane suffered engine failure and was attempting to return for a emergency landing.
Cashed while en route to Casablanca after experiencing an engine fire.
The aircraft crashed and burned moments after taking off from General Bartholomew Salóm Airport during a National Guard demonstration. The right engine appeared to have failed at a critical stage in the takeoff. There were 8 civilians and 5 military personnel board.
The aircraft crashed 18 nm short of the runway after attaining a nose-high attitude in poor visibility and caught fire. Crew may have been preoccupied with landing gear trouble.
Crashed into high ground while on a VFR apporach in IFR conditions. The pilot attempted a descent over an area where the minimum safe altitude was 1,200 ft.
Crashed into a mountain
Scadta was a Pan Am subsidiary.  It was operating a domestiflight, which crashed in the Colombian jungle, which was called 'Green Hell.' Five Goigira Indians, who were canoeing up the Uribe River, found pieces of clothing, and then dead bodies of five people from the crash, and the wreckage of the aircraft.  They also found a man who was alive, but dazed, exhausted, half crazy and unable to speak.  They carried him for seven days through the jungle to civilization.  He later recovered, and his name was Newton C. Marshall, General Manager of South American Gold & Platinum Company.  He was the only survivor.
The aircraft drifted 50 miles off the prescribed route and struck Mt. Tete de l'Obiou at 6,740 feet. The pilot probably realized the deviation and tried to take corrective action but did not see the mountain in time.
The plane crashed into Mt. El Tabalazo at 10,500 feet in fog while en route.
The aircraft took off from  from Kariba Airport at 17.10.  Shortly after departing Kariba, the starboard wing was hit by a SAM-7 missile.  The crew tried to make an emergency landing in a large clearing in the bush. The aircraft crash landed, striking an irrigation ditch, cart-wheeled, broke up and caught fire.  Soldiers from the Joshua Nkomo's Zimbabwe Peoples Revolution Army, who were responsible for shooting down the airliner, later killed 10 of the 18 survivors. The remaining survivors were rescued the next day.
Crashed into a mountain while en route.
The plane lost engine rotation after takeoff  and the pilot  attempted to return to the airport for an emergency landing. Due to the low altitude, the plane stalled and crashed in Paraiba River, one-half mile from the  runway.  Mechanical failure.
The cargo plane flew into the ground short of the runway despite warnings from the controller. Improper IFR procedure. Disregarded decision height. Disregarded warnings.
nan
While en route a wing separated from the cargo plane which led to loss of control.  The wing attachment bolts failed in turbulence.
Crashed into the ocean during a heavy rain. It is reported that the flight had appeared to be proceeding normally until impact with the water.
The airplane was in cruise flight along an airway, with a minimum en route altitude of 13,300 feet, when it impacted terrain at an elevation of 10,600 feet. The pilot's inadequate preflight planning/preparation and the selection of an altitude that would not provide terrain clearance along his planned route. Factors were the dark night conditions and the mountainous terrain.
The aircraft crashed into the sea during an attempted go-around after a missed landing attempt due to a burst nose gear tire.
Vanished without a trace over the Himalayas while en route.
Crashed into a mountain shortly after taking off. Loss of height and airspeed caused by the aircraft encountering a thunderstorm cell which gave rise to a sudden reversal of wind direction, heavy rain, and possible downdraught conditions.
The aircraft was taking off from Linate Airport in fog and poor visibility when it struck a German Cessna Citation II business jet. The MD-87 then swerved off the runway and  collided with the airport's baggage handling building, bursting into flames. The Cessna,  which was about to take off for Paris, entered the active runway by mistake, after  having been told by the tower to enter a different runway. One hundred four passengers and 6 crew on the MD-87 and  2 passengers and 2 crew on the Citation were killed along with 4 on the ground. The MD-87 was named Lage Viking.  Caused largely by human error and poorly followed safety procedures. Communication between the aircraft and the tower had been 'in English and Italian,' as opposed to aviation standards that only English be spoken. In addition, despite the poor visibility, control tower operators failed to ask the Cessna to read back his instructions to make sure they were understood.
Crashed into sand dunes. Improper approach during a sandstorm with turbulence and icing. Descent of the aircraft below the safe flight altitude in the final approach.
While attempting to land at Burbank Airport, the plane overran the runway, collided with a metal blast fence and an airport perimeter wall and came to rest on a city street near a gas station. The plane touched down at 182 knots, 2,150 feet past the runway threshold, too fast and too far down the runway for the plane to stop in time.  In the accident sequence,  the nose gear collapsed, the forward service door (1R) escape slide inflated inside the airplane and  the forward dual flight attendant jumpseat, which was occupied by two flight attendants, partially collapsed. Two passengers sustained serious injuries and 41 passengers and the captain sustained minor injuries. The flightcrew's excessive airspeed and flight path angle during the approach and landing and its failure to abort the approach when stabilized approach criteria were not met. Contributing to the accident was the controller's positioning of the airplane in such a manner as to leave no safe options for the flightcrew other than a go-around maneuver.
While cruising at FL 210, the pitch trim moved to the full nose-down position. Gravational forces from the resulting dive led to the break-up of the aircraft.
On approach, the crew of the cargo plane descended to MDA and initiated a go-around after the runway was not seen.  On the second approach the captain descended below MDA and  the aircraft struck the ground in controlled flight 2 nm short of the runway. The aircraft was destroyed. The captain decided to descend below the minimum descent altitude without the required visual references. After descending below MDA, both pilots were preoccupied with acquiring and maintaining visual contact with the ground and did not adequately monitor the flight instruments; thus, the aircraft flew into the ice.
Crashed on farmland six miles outside of Bogota shortly after taking off.
Crashed into the ocean shortly after taking off.
Crashed in a severe rainstorm while attempting to land.
The aircraft stalled and crashed during takeoff. Two-hundred-forty-four members of the 101st Airborne Division from Fort Campbell, Kentucky  were killed in the accident. There is controversy surrounding this crash. The majority opinion of the board was that the cause of the sequence leading up to the stall and crash could not be determined, with icing a possibility. The minority opinion was that the crash was possibly caused by detonation of an explosive device of unknown origin in a cargo compartment which led to an in-flight fire and loss of control of the aircraft.
The aircraft overshot the runway near Reynosa, Mexico and crashed into vehicles and houses coming to rest in a canal. The accident happened during a heavy rainstorm. The lights at the airport were out due to the storm and contact with the tower was lost. No passengers were killed aboard the aircraft but four people were killed on the ground.
A vulture crashed through the cockpit window and killed the copilot.
After a number of failed landing attempts during a sandstorm, the aircraft made a forced landing in a local suburb crashing into a building.
The aircraft skidded off  the end of the runway while landing. The crew was made aware of windshear at approach end of runway but not of poor water drainage on the runway nor a change in wind direction. A very light touch of the runway surface with the landing gear and lack of compression of the left landing gear leg to the extent understood by the aircraft computer as the actual landing, resulted in delayed deployment of spoilers and thrust reversers. The delay was about 9 seconds. Thus, the braking commenced with delay and in a condition of heavy rain and strong tailwind the aircraft did not stop on the runway. The aircraft was named Kulbach.
The single-engine sightseeing seaplane came down in a rail yard and burst into flames. The pilot tried to make an emergency landing after the engine failed. A passenger and the pilot survived with serious burns.
While traveling through a valley, the pilot reversed his course after the weather deteriorated. He began to climb but clipped trees just below a ridge, lost control of the aircraft and crashed. The pilot's error in judgement in not flying about the poor weather in the valley.
The plane crashed shortly after taking off from Cap Haitien Airport. Witnesses reported seeing smoke coming out of the back of the aircraft. The plane then nose dived into a sugarcane field and exploded.
Crashed while en route.
While flying in a normal, slightly descending path, the aircraft  first collided with the ground just a few feet  below the top of a small knoll tearing out both engines and engine nacelles. It then rebounded and continued through the air for a distance of 1,120 feet, where it came to rest.  Error on the part of the pilot in executing an abrupt maneuver with insufficient altitude for safety and failure of the pilot to maintain proper control of the aircraft during this maneuver.
Lost contact with the aircraft after the crew reported passing Cape Spencer. The wreckage was never found.  Cause undetermined.
After encountering a vehicle on the runway, the crew attempted a go-around but the aircraft touched down in a nose-high attitude and crashed.
The aircraft, lost in fog, crashed into the Verdugo Mountains,  while attempting to reach Palmdale Airport, its alternate landing site, after being unable to land at Burbank Airport. The company ground personnel failed to obtain and transmit important weather to the pilot. Improperly executed missed approach by the pilot. Actress Donna Reed was returning from Juarez where she obtained a divorce from her husband but was bumped from the flight just prior to takeoff  to make room for a military officer holding a wartime-travel priority pass.
Crashed into 1,800 ft. mountain, 12 miles from the Da Nang airport. Navigational error in poor weather conditions.
The helicopter crashed at sea about 3 miles off the coast near the island of Naissaar, after disappeared from Tallinn ATC radar 3 minutes after take-off from Tallinn in gusty wind conditions.
Pilot became disoriented in clouds and impacted rising terrain in a nose up attitude. Continued VFR flight in adverse weather. Pilot was not instrumented rated.
The aircraft crashed into the side of a mountain at 2,800m,  13 minutes after taking off from Erdenet. The plane, designed to carry a maximum of 19 passengers, was carring 26. Overloaded.
Crashed and exploded north of it's destination in heavy fog after flying into a mountain ridge.
The flying boat landed in a storm in the open ocean due to engine failure. After three hours, the plane was  capsized by a large wave.
Crashed short of the runway and burst into flames. The inadvertent landing of the aircraft short of the runway.
Crashed while in a holding pattern and attempting to land at Aden Airport during a sandstorm.
The cargo plane crashed and burst into flame as it landed at Narita Airport in winds of 30 - 50 mph. The plane bounced twice on the runway and veered to left as it turned on its side before bursting into flames. The fire destroyed the aircraft.
Crashed in flames after taking off from Dyess Air Force Base. Failure of the water injection system during takeoff.
Struck mountain at 1,200 ft after flying VFR into adverse weather conditions. Pilot exercised poor judgment. ATC issued conflicting instructions.
Seconds after taking off the jetliner shook violently, veered to the left and crashed into a residential neighborhood 500 yards past the end of the runway.
While attempting to land the nose gear tire blew out causing the plane to veer off the runway, break in three and catch fire. The pilot died after he was trapped in the cockpit.
Cargo plane.
Crashed into Mt. Nashua at 4,100 ft. during a descent in heavy rain and fog while attempting a visual approach.
The plane diverted to Sokotu due to poor weather. After circling for an hour, unable to locate the air field, the aircraft ran out of fuel and had to make a forced landing. The landing gear was torn off and the plane broke up during the ground slide.
The cargo plane crashed in a rainstorm.
Crashed into El Junquito Hill 5 minutes after taking off and burned. Most likely cause was reduced visibility, rain and low overcast.
The helicopter, on a sightseeing tour, crashed into mountains on the western slopes of Maui at an elevation of 2,850 feet inclement weather.
On a routine United Nations flight to Damascus, Syria, from Beirut, Lebanon, climbed eastward over the Lebanese highlands. Apparently painted by Syrian radar and subsequently as it neared the village of Diemas, the decision was made to launch several SAM missiles, one of which destroyed the aircraft.
Crashed into trees while attempting to land at night, in fog. Improper IFR procedures and failure to maintain minimum descent altitude.
Crashed into a mountain and burned in poor visibility.
nan
The cargo plane crashed after both engines flamed out during an approach to land.
The aircraft crashed in a remote mountainous area at an elevation of 12,000 feet while on a flight from Jomsom to Potokari. Radio contact was lost 5 minutes after takeoff from Jomson.
Thirty minutes into the flight the aircraft was not able to maintain altitude after oil pressure was lost in the No. 1 engine. Crashed into trees.
nan
The aircraft attempted to ditch into a canal after two engines failed on takeoff. After a third engine failed, the aircraft crashed into a marsh. Fuel contamination.
Struck a tower while on approach in fog.  Weather was below VFR minima and not reported to the pilot because of a lack of observation and communications facilities at Fort Franklin. The decision of the pilot to continue the approach in fog.
Crashed while  en route. Twelve Interior Ministers of Poland and Czechoslovakia
The aircraft lost contact with the ground in fog and crashed into a hillside while attempting to land at Elko Airport. A two-year-old boy was the only survivor.
Two minutes after taking off , the crew reported losing an engine and turned back towards the airport. The plane then descended rapidly and crashed into the sea. Featherweight boxer Carlos Cruz and members of  the Puerto Rican women's national volleyball team killed.
Following departure from Philadelphia, a high frequency whistling noise was heard and inspection revealed an escape of air at the lower aft corner of the rear service door. Pillow cases were placed in this area to reduce the air noise but no further action was taken. While the aircraft was descending through 4,000 feet the door blew out. The ensuing outward rush of air ejected a flight attendant who was near the door opening. Undetected insecure latching of the rear service door, resulting in an inflight explosive decompression which ejected a flight attendant from the aircraft.
Shot down by SPLA rebels with surface-to-air missiles shortly after takeoff.
The cargo plane went missing en route.
The cargo plane was shot down by communist anti -aircraft fire.
The cargo plane was overloaded and could not maintain altitude after losing an engine. Crashed while attempting an emergency landing.
Struck a mountain. Failure of the crew to level off at the prescribed altitude either due to inadequate monitoring or an altimeter setting error by confusion between QNH and QFE.
Shot down by Sudan People's Liberation Army.
Crashed on approach, landing short of the runway, collapsing the landing gear. Awkward landing technique resulting in excessive rate of sink. Contributing factors include narrow runway, uneven runway necessitating landing as close to the threshold as possible and marginal weather conditions.
The domestiflight crashed into a mountain while attempting to land at Florencia in rain and fog.
After taking off the cargo plane rolled to the right with wings vertical to the ground until it crashed into a field. The flight crew's failure to follow procedural checklist requirements and to detect and correct a mistrimmed stabilizer before the aircraft became uncontrollable. Contributing to the accident was the captain allowing the second officer, who was not qualified to act as a pilot, to occupy the seat of the first officer and to conduct the take-off.
On final approach at night, the aircraft crashed near Interstate 15, half- a-mile short of the runway.
Crashed on a ferrying flight. Soldier of fortune Harold (Whitey) Dahl killed.
While approaching V1 speed on takeoff, a loud bang was heard followed by shaking of the aircraft. The crew decided to abort the takeoff. With the end of the runway approaching, the captain steered the aircraft off the runway to the right. The landing gear failed and resulted in a fire. The plane slid for approximately 650 feet and came to rest 40 feet right of the runway centerline. Several passengers not heeding the warnings of the stewardess exited onto the wing and fell into the fire. Failure of two tires on the left main landing gear resulting in failure of a third tire during a critical point in the takeoff. This was to be pilot Gene Hershe's last flight before retiring.
Crashed while on approach. Descent below obstructing terrain.
Collided with mountain at 1,500 ft. while attempting to land. Misjudged altitude and clearance.
nan
Made a high speed vertical dive and crashed. Probable cause undetermined.
The aircraft suffered an aft pressure bulkhead failure at 23,900 ft. The aircraft had severe control difficulties with loss of all controls and eventually after 40 minutes, collided with a mountain. Improper repair of the  bulkhead while being supervised by Boeing engineers after a tail strike in 1978. Worst single plane disaster in aviation history. Kyu Sakamoto, 43, famous for his Japanese song 'Sukiyaki' was killed in the accident.
Descended prematurely struck the ground 2 km short of  the runway. Crew mistook lights perpendicular to the runway for runway lights and descended prematurely.
Partial power loss of No. 1 engine on initial approach. Aircraft crashed in water. Failure of the No. 5 cylinder in the right engine. Body of co-pilot not recovered.
Twenty minutes after leaving Panama, the aircraft changed course to miss an area of thunderstorms. It then went into uncontrolled high speed dive and broke up at FL 100. Non-synchronization of artificial horizons.  Malfunctioning attitude indicator. Both attitude indicators functioning off the same gyro. Crew neglected to perform a cross check. Pilot came out of a left bank and continued into a right bank that eventually rolled the aircraft and caused it to go into a steep dive from which recovery was not possible.
Shot down by UNITA rebels 30 minutes after taking off.
Broke up and crashed after penetrating a thunderstorm 50 miles south of Las Vegas.
Midair collision as the Tupolev-134A prepared to land and the Antonov An-26 just took off.  Violations by the civil approach and military controllers. Misidentification of both aircraft. Seventy-one killed on the TU134 and twenty-three on the Antonov.
The aircraft experienced severe turbulence after entering overhang of a thunderstorm at FL 310. Three passengers received serious injuries. One passenger died 20 days after the accident. Failure of the captain to follow procedures by allowing the aircraft to continue into the overhang anvil of a thunderstorm. Failure of the passengers to abide by instructions concerning the use of seat belts. Failure of the flight attendants to enforce the use of seat belts.
During take off, the aircraft failed to climb and struck a vehicle on a publiroad just beyond the end of the runway. The aircraft was substantially damaged and the pilot elected to carry out a forced landing. During the attempted landing, the aircraft struck powerlines, crashed and burned.
The cargo plane disappeared over the Mediterranean Sea and was never found.
The aircraft crashed into a mountain at 8,500 ft. while descending to land at Buga. Continued VFR flight into deteriorating weather conditions.
Crashed while attempting to land.
Stuck a mountain in poor weather.
Radio contact was lost with the aircraft before it crashed into the ocean. Poor weather.  Unqualified pilot.
After executing a turn to avoid traffithe cargo plane struck the ocean. Pilot misjudged the altitude and clearance.
The medical helicopter crashed into the Sam Houston National Forest while transporting a patient to a Houston hospital. The pilot's failure to identify and arrest the helicopter's descent, which resulted in its impact with terrain. Contributing to the accident was the pilot's inadvertent flight into instrument meteorological conditions, and the limited outside visual reference due to the dark night conditions, low clouds, and fog.
Flew into mountain pass in fog. Wing caught ground in turnaround. Continued VFR flight into adverse weather conditions.
The plane crashed after fire broke out at FL90 and an emergency descent was made. A leak at the right booster pump was the source of the fire.
The aircraft departed Hilo on the last leg of a 3rd flight. A few minutes after takeoff, the pilot called the tower to ask for a return and indicated he had a difficulty. No further transmission was made. Witnesses heard intermittent engine sputtering and then the whine of a high speed dive. The aircraft impacted in a sugar cane field at a steep angle. Reason for occurrence undetermined.
The mail plane crashed to the ground from a low altitude. Icing.
Crashed into a hill during a sandstorm.
Crashed into high ground while attempting to land at a mine airstrip in turbulence and stong gusty winds.
Shortly after passing over the west boundary of the airport, the pilot started a left turn. While in the turn, the plane contracted trees 113 feet above the level of the airport.  Full power was applied to the engines in an attempt to pull up but other trees were struck and the pilot lost control. The aircraft crashed to the ground at a point approximately one-fourth of a mile southwest of the airport boundary. The action of the pilot in attempting a landing under adverse weather conditions in disregard of the minimums prescribed by the Civil Aeronautics Administration and in maneuvering for such a landing at a dangerously low altitude.
The plane crashed short of the runway in rain. Windshear. The aircraft's rate of descent and descent flight path angle increased as a result of windshear encountered during visual approach below minimum descent altitude. The flight crew did not recognize these flightpath deviations because they were relying on visual references which were degraded by non-homogeneous fog and on kinestheticues which were adversely affected by the aircraft's forward center of gravity resulting from the improperly loaded aircraft.
The flight engineer accidentally shut off the automatitransferring of fuel from the sump tank. Eventually all three engines stopped and the plane crashed. Fuel starvation.
The cargo plane struck trees at the end of the runway after trying to make an emergency landing. Material failure consisting in fatigue failure of a number of teeth of the pinion of the governor control unit, which was jammed against the rack in the 'up' position and therefore set for maximum rpm, thus causing the engine to overspeed. This would be in keeping with the fact that the dome ring was at maximum low pitch setting, i.e. high rpm and a runway propeller on take-off.
Crashed in snow and turbulence while descending to land. Descended below minima. Pilot didn't use available instrument approach chart.
The plane made a sharp turn to the left and crashed shortly after taking off near La Paloma air strip. The plane was in flames as it plunged to the ground. The pilot and 8 passengers including a small boy were killed.
